Add documentation on adding Cloud only dashboards (#2195)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/observability/monitoring.md

./dev/grafana.sh
```

### Creating Cloud only Grafana dashboards

> While all dashboards required to troubleshoot our product should be shipped to customers, our Cloud deployment might require additional dashboards than those we ship to customers, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While all dashboards required to troubleshoot our product should be shipped to customers, our Cloud deployment might require additional dashboards to the ones we ship to customers, for example:
```

> - The dashboard is not ready yet to graduate to customers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when the additional dashboard is not ready yet to graduate to customers
```

Author: ```suggestion
- When the additional dashboard is not ready yet to graduate to customers
```

> - The dashboard applies only to our Cloud deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when the additional dashboard applies only to our Cloud deployment
```

Author: ```suggestion
- When the additional dashboard applies only to our Cloud deployment
```

> Dashboards can be deployed to our Cloud deployment by adding them in `json` format to `dashboards/files` in https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dot-com/. To learn more, reference its [documentation](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dot-com/tree/feature/release/dashboards)

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dot-com/tree/feature/release/dashboards is 404 @pecigonzalo 😁

Reviewer 3: I think this link has since been fixed! https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dot-com/tree/release/dashboards

Reviewer 2: @bobheadxi thanks for checking that!

On this README though, something odd going on: https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dot-com/blob/release/dashboards/README.md

![CleanShot 2021-01-18 at 18 04 48@2x](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2946214/104901088-de654c80-59b7-11eb-9787-3634216535e6.png)

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dot-com/pull/4196 !

> Once the dashboard is ready to be shipped to customers, we will need to port it to the [monitoring generator](./monitoring_architecture.md#monitoring-generator) to be included in our next Sourcegraph release.

Reviewer 3: ❤️
